---
uid: privacy-policy
title: Privacy Policy
author: Søren Toft Joensen
updated: 2021-09-08
---
# Privacy Policy

Tabular Editor ApS (“we,” “our,” or “us”) is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains how your personal information is collected, used, and disclosed by Tabular Editor ApS.

This Privacy Policy applies to our website, and its associated subdomains (collectively, our “Service”) alongside our application, Tabular Editor 3. By accessing or using our Service, you signify that you have read, understood, and agree to our collection, storage, use, and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service.

#### Definitions and key terms

To help explain things as clearly as possible in this Privacy Policy, every time any of these terms are referenced, they are  defined as follows:

- *Cookie*: small amount of data generated by a website and saved by your web browser. It is used to identify your browser, provide analytics, remember information about you such as your language preference or login information.
- *Company*: when this policy mentions “Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our,” it refers to Tabular Editor ApS, (Gærtorvet 3, 2. floor, 1799 Copenhagen V, Denmark) that is responsible for your information under this Privacy Policy.
- *Country*: where Tabular Editor ApS or the owners/founders of Tabular Editor ApS are based, in this case is Denmark
- *Customer*: refers to the company, organization or person that purchases a subscription for Tabular Editor 3.
- *Device*: any internet connected device such as a phone, tablet, computer or any other device that can be used to visit tabulareditor.com and/or use the Tabular Editor 3 product.
- *IP address*: Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet.
- *Personnel*: refers to those individuals who are employed by Tabular Editor ApS or are under contract to perform a service on behalf of one of the parties.
- *Personal Data*: any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.
- *Service*: refers to the service provided by Tabular Editor ApS as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this platform.
- *Third-party service*: refers to advertisers, contest sponsors, promotional and marketing partners, and others who provide our content or whose products or services we think may interest you.
- *Website*: Tabular Editor ApS’ site, which can be accessed via this URL: https://tabulareditor.com.
  
#### What Information Do We Collect?

We collect the following information from you when you visit our website, register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form: 

- Name
- Email Addresses
- Billing Addresses
- Other personal information that you may submit to us

#### How Do We Use The Information We Collect?

Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:

- To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs).
- To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website/app offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you).
- To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs).
- To process transactions.
- To send periodic emails.

#### What is the legal basis for our processing of your personal data?

Our legal bases for the processing of your personal data for the above purposes are:

- Fulfilment of contract for the purchase of products or services (the GDPR art. 6 (1) (b)).
- Fulfilment of contract for the provision of services (the GDPR art. 6 (1) (b)).
- Our legal obligations as data controller (the GDPR art. 6 (1) (c)).
- Consent to newsletter send-out and other direct marketing (the GDPR art. 6 (1) (a)).
- Legitimate interest in being able to send out service messages (the GDPR art. 6 (1) (f)).
- Legitimate interest in being able to facilitate communications and respond to your comments questions and requests (the GDPR art. 6 (1) (f)).
- Legitimate interest in being able to send out customer satisfaction surveys (the GDPR art. 6 (1) (f)).
- Legitimate interest in being able to establish, exercise or defence legal claims (the GDPR art. 6 (1) (f) and the GDPR art. 9 (2) (f)).
- Legitimate interest in being able to collect, and administrate your data, also based on your click behaviour in relation to marketing send outs and via cookies on our website (the GDPR art. 6 (1) (f)).
- Legitimate interest in being able to personalize and improve our Services and provide tailored content or features for marketing purposes (the GDPR art. 6 (1) (f)).

#### Do we share the information we collect with third parties?

Data processors:

 We do not share the information that we collect with third parties, with the following exceptions:

We may engage trusted third party service providers acting as data processors to perform functions and provide services to us, such as hosting and maintaining our servers and the website/app, database storage and management, e-mail management, storage marketing, credit card processing, customer service and fulfilling orders for products and services you may purchase through the website/app. We will likely share your personal information, and possibly some non-personal information, with these third parties to enable them to perform these services for us and for you.

The data processors will not review, share, distribute, or reference any collected information except to the extent they are so instructed by us. All data processors have implemented security measures to protect against unauthorized access, loss, use or alteration of the information. Further, data processing agreements have been entered into with all data processors. 

Currently we use the following data processors:.

| Name | Location | Purpose of sub-data processing | Which data? |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Chargebee Inc. | AWS EU Data centre in Frankfurt, Germany | Subscription management, including handling of invoicing. | E-mail addresses, name of contact person, billing address and billing information. |
| Amazon.com Inc. | As above | Hosting of the above- mentioned information on behalf of Chargebee Inc. | As above |
| Microsoft | Azure West EU Data Center, Amsterdam, Netherlands | License management | E-mail address and name of contact person/license administrator |

Other third parties:

We may share portions of our log file data, including IP addresses, for analytics purposes with third parties such as web analytics partners, application developers, and ad networks. If your IP address is shared, it may be used to estimate general location and other technographics such as connection speed, whether you have visited the website/app in a shared location, and type of the device used to visit the website/app. They may aggregate information about our advertising and what you see on the website/app and then provide auditing, research and reporting for us and our advertisers.

We may also disclose personal and non-personal information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate in order to respond to claims, legal process (including subpoenas), to protect our rights and interests or those of a third party, the safety of the public or any person, to prevent or stop any illegal, unethical, or legally actionable activity, or to otherwise comply with applicable court orders, laws, rules and regulations.

#### How Do We Use Your Email Address?

By submitting your email address on this website/app, you agree to receive emails from us. You can cancel your participation in any of these email lists at any time by clicking on the opt-out link or other unsubscribe option that is included in the respective email. We only send emails to people who have authorized us to contact them, either directly, or through a third party. We do not send unsolicited commercial emails, because we hate spam as much as you do. Email addresses submitted only through the order processing page will be used for the sole purpose of sending you information and updates pertaining to your order. If, however, you have provided the same email to us through another method, we may use it for any of the purposes stated in this Policy.

Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.

#### How Long Do We Keep Your Information?

We keep your information only so long as we need it to provide Tabular Editor 3 to you and/or fulfil the purposes described in this policy. This is also the case for anyone that we share your information with and who carries out services on our behalf. When we no longer need to use your information and there is no need for us to keep it to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, we’ll either remove it from our systems or depersonalize it so that we can’t identify you.

#### How Do We Protect Your Information?

We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information. We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) is never kept on file. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the absolute security of any information you transmit to Tabular Editor ApS or guarantee that your information on the Service may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by a breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards.

Credit Card information is collected and processed only by our payment/subscription partner, which currently is Chargebee.com. Tabular Editor ApS does not collect or store Credit Card information.

#### Could my information be transferred to other countries?

Tabular Editor ApS is incorporated in Denmark. Information collected via our website, through direct interactions with you, or from use of our help services may be transferred from time to time to our offices or personnel, or to third parties within the EU/EEA. We do not transfer your information to unsecure third countries, i.e. countries outside of EU/EEA that have not been considered by the Commission to have an adequate level of data protection. 

#### Is the information collected through the Tabular Editor Service secure?

We take precautions to protect the security of your information. We have physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to help safeguard, prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use your information. However, neither people nor security systems are fool proof, including encryption systems. In addition, people can commit intentional crimes, make mistakes or fail to follow policies. Therefore, while we use reasonable efforts to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If applicable law imposes any non-disclaimable duty to protect your personal information, you agree that intentional misconduct will be the standards used to measure our compliance with that duty.

#### Can I update or correct my information and which other rights to I have?

Customers and users of our website have the right to request the restriction of certain uses and disclosures of personally identifiable information as follows: You can contact us in order to  (1) receive information about which personal data we are processing about you and for what purposes, (2) to have personal information that we are processing about you transferred to another service provider (data portability), if applicable, (3) update or correct your personally identifiable information, (4) change your preferences with respect to communications and other information you receive from us, or (5) delete the personally identifiable information maintained about you on our systems (subject to the following paragraph), by cancelling your account. 

Such updates, corrections, changes and deletions will have no effect on other information that we maintain, or information that we have provided to third parties in accordance with this Privacy Policy prior to such update, correction, change or deletion. 

To protect your privacy and security, we may take reasonable steps (such as requesting a unique password) to verify your identity before granting you profile access or making corrections. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information at all times.

Promptly after receiving your request, all personal information stored in databases we actively use, and other readily searchable media will be updated, corrected, changed or deleted, as appropriate, as soon as and to the extent reasonably and technically practicable.

If you are an end user and wish to update, delete, or receive any information we have about you, you may do so by contacting at the following e-mail address: [contact@tabulareditor.com](mailto:contact@tabulareditor.com). 

You may also use this mail address to withdraw any consents to our processing of your personal data.

#### Sale of Business
We reserve the right to transfer information to a third party in the event of a sale, merger or other transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of Tabular Editor or any of its Corporate Affiliates (as defined herein), or that portion of Tabular Editor or any of its Corporate Affiliates to which the Service relates, or in the event that we discontinue our business or file a petition or have filed against us a petition in bankruptcy, reorganization or similar proceeding, provided that the third party agrees to adhere to the terms of this Privacy Policy.

#### Governing Law
This Privacy Policy is governed by the laws of Denmark without regard to its conflict of laws provision. 
The laws of Denmark, excluding its conflicts of law rules, shall govern any contracts we enter with you and your use of the website/app. Your use of the website/app may also be subject to other local, state, national, or international laws.

#### Acceptance of this Privacy Policy
By using Tabular Editor or contacting us directly, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, you should not engage with our website, or use our services. Continued use of the website, direct engagement with us, or following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy that do not significantly affect the use or disclosure of your personal information will mean that you accept those changes.

We’ve updated our Privacy Policy to provide you with complete transparency into what is being set when you visit our site and how it’s being used. By using our website/app, registering an account, or making a purchase, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its terms.

#### Links to Other Websites
This Privacy Policy applies only to the Services. The Services may contain links to other websites not operated or controlled by Tabular Editor. We are not responsible for the content, accuracy or opinions expressed in such websites, and such websites are not investigated, monitored or checked for accuracy or completeness by us. Please remember that when you use a link to go from the Services to another website, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other website, including those that have a link on our platform, is subject to that website’s own rules and policies. Such third parties may use their own cookies or other methods to collect information about you.

####Cookies
tabulareditor.com uses “Cookies” to identify the areas of our website that you have visited. We use Cookies to enhance the performance and functionality of our website/app but are non-essential to their use. However, without these cookies, certain functionality like videos may become unavailable or you would be required to enter your login details every time you visit the website/app as we would not be able to remember that you had logged in previously. Most web browsers can be set to disable the use of Cookies. However, if you disable Cookies, you may not be able to access functionality on our website correctly or at all. We never place Personally Identifiable Information in Cookies.

You should also be aware that you may also lose some saved information (e.g. saved login details, site preferences) if you block cookies on your browser. Different browsers make different controls available to you. Disabling a cookie or category of cookie does not delete the cookie from your browser, you will need to do this yourself from within your browser, you should visit your browser’s help menu for more information.

#### Payment Details
In respect to any credit card or other payment processing details you have provided us, we commit that this confidential information will be stored in the most secure manner possible.

#### Kids’ Privacy
We do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.

#### Changes To Our Privacy Policy
We may change our Service and policies, and we may need to make changes to this Privacy Policy so that they accurately reflect our Service and policies. Unless otherwise required by law, we will notify you (for example, through our Service) before we make changes to this Privacy Policy and give you an opportunity to review them before they go into effect. Then, if you continue to use the Service, you will be bound by the updated Privacy Policy. If you do not want to agree to this or any updated Privacy Policy, you can delete your account.

#### Contact Us
Don’t hesitate to contact us if you have any questions.

- Via Email: contact@tabulareditor.com
- Via this Link: https://tabulareditor.com/contact

#### Complaints
If you wish to complain about the processing of your personal data, please contact us at [contact@tabulareditor.com](mailto:contact@tabulareditor.com). You may also contact the Data Protection Agency, Borgergade 28, 5., 1300 Copenhagen K.
