---
uid: DI008
category: Code actions
sub-category: Improvements
title: Remove superfluous CALCULATE
author: Daniel Otykier
updated: 2025-01-03
---

Code action `DI008` (Improvement) **Remove superfluous CALCULATE**

## Description

Do not explicitly call [`CALCULATE`](https://dax.guide/CALCULATE) or [`CALCULATETABLE`](https://dax.guide/CALCULATETABLE), when it is not necessary.

### Example 1 - Measure reference with no filter context modifiers

In the below examples, `[Total Sales]` is a measure reference.

Change:
```dax
CALCULATE([Total Sales])
```
To:
```dax
[Total Sales]
```

### Example 2 - Measure reference in a row context

Change:
```dax
AVERAGEX(Product, CALCULATE([Total Sales]))
```
To:
```dax
AVERAGEX(Product, [Total Sales])
```

### Example 3 - Constant values are not affected by filter context modifications

Change:
```dax
VAR _salesWithTax = [Total Sales] * 1.25
RETURN
    CALCULATE(_salesWithTax, Product[Color] = "Red")
```

To:
```dax
VAR _salesWithTax = [Total Sales] * 1.25
RETURN
    _salesWithTax
```

## Why is Tabular Editor suggesting this?

The `CALCULATE` function is used to modify the filter context of a calculation and force a context transition when needed. However, when the expression is not impacted by a context transition, and the filter context is not modified, the `CALCULATE` function is superfluous and can be removed (Example 1). This can make the code easier to read and understand.

Moreover, if the `CALCULATE` function is only used to enforce a context transition and not modify the filter context (i.e. no filter arguments), but the expression is a simple measure reference, then the `CALCULATE` function can be removed (Example 2), since measure references perform implicit context transitions, when evaluated in a row context.

Lastly, if the expression is constant (such as when referencing a variable that was defined outside of the `CALCULATE` function, such as in Example 3 above), the modified filter context will not affect the result of the expression, and the `CALCULATE` function including all filter arguments can be removed.